README.md, before:

# Badgemaker
The Nim badgemaker tool.


## Install
-   via git: `nimble install https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker`
-   via nimble: `nimble install badgemaker`


## Now support
-   Custom font (change size available).
-   Custom icons.
-   Custom colors (label, value, text).
-   Custom badge size.
-   Custom styles (flat, plastic, square, plastic square).
-   CLI.


## Standart badge params
-   `style` -- "flat".
-   `label` -- "".
-   `value` -- "".
-   `label_text_color` -- "white".
-   `value_text_color` -- "black".
-   `label_color` -- "#212121".
-   `value_color` -- "#e0e0e0".
-   `font` -- "DejaVu Sans,Verdana,Geneva,sans-serif".
-   `font_size` -- 12.
-   `width` -- 120.
-   `height` -- 20.
-   `image_path` -- "".
-   `image_color` -- "".

## Results
[![test1](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test1.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test1.svg)  
[![test2](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test2.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test2.svg)  
[![test3](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test3.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test3.svg)  
[![test4](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test4.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test4.svg)  
[![test5](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test5.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test5.svg)  
[![test6](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test6.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test6.svg)  
[![test7](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test7.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test7.svg)  
[![test8](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test8.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test8.svg)  
[![test9](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test9.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test9.svg)  
[![test10](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test10.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test10.svg)  
[![test11](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test11.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test11.svg)

Commit message:

text drop shadow now available.

README.md, after:

# Badgemaker
The Nim badgemaker tool.


## Install
-   via git: `nimble install https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker`
-   via nimble: `nimble install badgemaker`


## Now support
-   Custom font (change size available).
-   Custom icons.
-   Custom colors (label, value, text).
-   Custom badge size.
-   Custom styles (flat, plastic, square, plastic square).
-   CLI.
-   Text drop shadows.


## Standart badge params
-   `style` -- "flat".
-   `label` -- "".
-   `value` -- "".
-   `label_text_color` -- "white".
-   `value_text_color` -- "black".
-   `label_color` -- "#212121".
-   `value_color` -- "#e0e0e0".
-   `font` -- "DejaVu Sans,Verdana,Geneva,sans-serif".
-   `font_size` -- 12.
-   `width` -- 120.
-   `height` -- 20.
-   `image_path` -- "".
-   `image_color` -- "".
-   `label_shadow` -- false.
-   `value_shadow` -- false.
-   `dx` -- 0.
-   `dy` -- 0.

## Results
[![test1](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test1.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test1.svg)  
[![test2](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test2.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test2.svg)  
[![test3](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test3.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test3.svg)  
[![test4](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test4.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test4.svg)  
[![test5](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test5.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test5.svg)  
[![test6](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test6.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test6.svg)  
[![test7](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test7.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test7.svg)  
[![test8](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test8.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test8.svg)  
[![test9](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test9.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test9.svg)  
[![test10](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test10.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test10.svg)  
[![test11](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test11.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test11.svg)  
[![test13](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test13.svg)](https://github.com/Ethosa/badgemaker/blob/master/tests/test13.svg)


## FAQ
*Q*: How I can help to develop this library?  
*A*: You can put a star to this repository :3
